---
title: April 24, 2025 Minutes
date: 2025-04-24
draft: false
summary: Meeting minutes - April 24, 2025
authors:
- natalie-bates
tags:
- Minutes
links:
- name: Team Drive
  url: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IzdlRMhaSZyDXwZyy5KHOLtVMVC0_s42?usp=sharing
---
Michael initiated a discussion about organizing a virtual event (workshop or webinar) as a response to their recent rejection from SC and lack of consensus on submitting to the Cluster conference. The idea emerged from an email exchange, where Melissa suggested a virtual workshop or webinar to continue sharing updates and reconnecting across sites. She proposed two initial format ideas.  One, a virtual workshop featuring presentations (not academic in nature) from developers, sites, etc. and two, a technical breakdown format structured around different components of an ODA software stack (e.g., backend, data acquisition, analysis), potentially aligned with the group’s existing white paper.
There’s broad interest in starting with a low-barrier Brown Bag series open to wider audiences.  Then, potentially building toward a tutorial format incorporating practical, “getting started” content based on the white paper.

Suggested Actions
* Launch a Brown Bag series with increased publicity and a broader invite list. Publish them on a website and Include abstracts, keywords, short description. 
* Kick off “getting started”, perhaps a white paper, to onboard newcomers. Include walkthroughs, working examples, and potentially prebuilt VMs or containerized environments.
* Consider a structured webinar series aligned with development goals.

We agreed to create a subgroup for Brown Bag training and for SC25 BoF preparation.  The white paper discussion is deferred for now.  
